---
title: Data Set
layout: default
toc: removeTopLevel
---

h2. Data Set

These routes add additional statistical information to the results returned from "@GET /gtfs/ and GET /gtfs/:id@":gtfs_engine_data_set.

h3. Routes

- Get all Data Sets :=
bc(get). GET /v2/data_sets
=:
- Get a Single Data Set :=
bc(get). GET /v2/data_sets/:id
=:

h4. Example Response

{% highlight json %}
{
  "status": "success":,
  "data": {
    "id": 2,
    "name": "halifax",
    "title": "Halifax Metro",
    "last_updated": "2014-07-30T19:19-0300",
    "min": {
      "lat": 44.479168,
      "lon": -63.85817
    }
    "max": {
      "lat": 44.903736,
      "lon": -63.255867
    }
    "dates": {
      "start": "2014-07-24",
      "end": "2014-11-29"
    }
  }
}
{% endhighlight %}


h3. Fields

h4. id %(required; unique)%

The *id* field contains an ID that uniquely identifies a DataSet. The *id* is dataset unique.

h4. name %(required)%

The *name* of the source which this DataSet came from. This name is a very short identifier for the data set. It will serve as the key for list of data sets returned for this source.

h4. title %(required)%

A more verbose version of *name* which describes the data set. This text is more free-form, but still be a proper noun phrase. For instance, if the *name* is @"halifax"@, the *title* could be @"Halifax Metro Transit"@.

h4. last_updated %(required)%

The time this DataSet was downloaded from the *url*.

h4. min / max %(required)%

@min@ and @max@ represent the north-west and south-east limits of the data set, respectively. These bounds are determined by the set of "Stops":gtfs_engine_stop in the data set. The buses may drive outside of these bounds while driving between stops.

h4. dates %(required)%

These dates represent the first and last date this data set will be relevant.

[gtfs_engine_data_set]https://sangster.github.io/gtfs_engine/resources/data_set
[gtfs_engine_stop]https://sangster.github.io/gtfs_engine/resources/stop

